basm Nim he's a member of hamas's
political Bureau thank you for joining
the program what is the situation at
alifa hospital as you understand it
according to the Israeli military they
say they dozens of Hamas militants have
been killed there and taken for others
have been taken for questioning is this
true thank you very much uh the
situation in shifa hospital is very very
serious very very dangerous uh we are
used to hear this Israeli propaganda uh
by the presence of Hamas Fighters or
militant people inside the hospital uh I
can reassure everyone and confirm that
no militant people inside the hospital
are present uh they have executed in the
field hundreds of our people including
innocent civilians some of our Fighters
killed around the hospital while they
are facing the new Invasion to the
hospital I think the the most important
Point here is not is not about how many
they have killed only but that they are
repeatedly invading or
storming uh Health Facilities destroying
the hospitals destroying the shelters of
thousands of Palestinians during the
holy month of Ramadan hundreds of them
were kidnapped including elderly uh
miners uh most of the medical stuff has
been taking hostages by the Israeli
interrogated some of them executed in
the
field well the Israelis say the reason
that they are uh attacking alifa is
because they believe that they Hamas
operatives within the hospital so you
are denying the fact that they are that
they are no Hamas operatives inside the
hospital or the hospital
compound yes I deny this because
yesterday they have talked about uh AB
who was killed inside the hospital he is
the chief commander of the police civil
police who was all the time
coordinating with the UN bodies Ona
wfpa how to organize the income of the
of the humanitarian aid from the south
to the north and this is well known
everywhere and we are talking about a
civil police they have announced that
they have killed an a commander of Hamas
if you consider an
a doctor or a nurse or a police because
he is working in the government led by
Hamas he is uh this is an execuse to
execute him or to kill him this is
another story but we are talking about
people who are members of the government
doctors nurses medical
staff police staff who are taking care
of the shelters who are organizing the
humanitarian aid but some of our
Fighters killed outside the hospital
again while they were trying to resist
the occupation or the invasion of the
hospital again okay so so just to be
clear these reports that we have been
getting about ongoing Fierce fighting
that is taking place between Hammer
Fighters and the Israeli Army you're
saying that is outside the
hospital sure I have seen the video
distributed by Alan Brigade this evening
I know the area very well I was the
minister of health and I was a doctor in
hospital this is at least 150 to 200 M
outside the hospital yes I can expect
that there is a resistance but this is
the natural response of our people to
defend our hospitals our innocent people
our shelters but no military presence
inside the hospitals and I think Al
jazer have months ago reported about the
plans of the Israelis to invade H the
shifa hospital and after weeks of search
and destruction inside the hospital they
were not able to to show any proof of a
military existence in the hospital and
Mr name can I ask when you look at the
level of Destruction in Gaza the number
of Palestinians that have been killed
the number of children that have died or
are starving at what point does Hamas go
okay enough is enough we will find a way
to end the war and end the suffering of
gaza's
people two things first of all I think
uh the international uh justice court of
justice have clearly defined what's
happening there it is a genocide this is
not the V this is not the the fault or
the mistake or the crime of the victims
that they have resisted they that they
are looking for freedom and dignity this
is a clear uh the responsibility of the
occupying power which is Israel that
they are clearly violating all
international law that they are
rejecting the international will of the
UN of the icg on the other hand yes we
have proposed in the last few days a
very rational uh proposal to reach a
ceasefire to end this aggression against
our people which was braised by the
mediators including also by the
Americans what was the respon from the
Israeli side they have uh until now they
we haven't received an official response
but all the signals we have received
from the technical uh team in Doha today
is very very disappointed
it is clearly signaling that Netanyahu
is using the negotiations as to G to
gain more time to implement his plans to
uh continue the aggressions the crimes
against the hospitals and maybe to uh
invade ra during or after
Ramadan okay I appreciate your time basm
Nim a member of hamas's political Bureau
speaking to us
there
please